Drawio Privacy Policy

20.05.2024

Hermes Chat, created by Alexey Strokin, is a freemium app designed to
facilitate communication among users. This app is provided at no cost
and is intended for use as-is. This updated Privacy Policy outlines our
approach to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information
for users of the Hermes Chat service.

By choosing to use Hermes Chat, you agree to the collection and use of
your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Your personal
information will only be used to enhance and maintain the quality of the
service and will not be shared with third parties, except as outlined in
this policy.

Definitions

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as those in
our Terms and Conditions, accessible at Hermes Chat, unless otherwise
defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

To enhance your experience while using Hermes Chat, we may ask you to
provide certain personally identifiable information, including but not
limited to:

-   User ID

-   Purchase history

-   Product interaction

-   Advertising data

-   Other usage data

-   Crash data

-   Performance data

-   Other diagnostic data

The requested information will be stored on your device and will not be
directly collected by us.

Third-Party Services

Hermes Chat uses third-party services that may collect information to
identify you. The privacy policies of these third-party service
providers can be found at the following links:

-   Google Play Services

-   Google Analytics for Firebase

-   Firebase Crashlytics

-   Facebook

-   Adjust

-   RevenueCat

-   Log Data

When you use Hermes Chat and encounter an error, we collect data and
information (through third-party products) on your device known as Log
Data. Log Data may include:

-   Device IP address

-   Device name

-   Operating system version

-   App configuration during use

-   Time and date of use

-   Other statistical data

-   Cookies

Cookies are small data files used as unique identifiers, sent to your
browser from websites you visit and stored on your device's internal
memory. Hermes Chat does not explicitly use cookies; however,
third-party code and libraries within the app may use cookies to collect
information and improve their services. You have the option to accept or
refuse these cookies and can choose to be notified when a cookie is sent
to your device. Refusing cookies may affect your ability to use some
features of Hermes Chat.

Service Providers

We may engage third-party companies and individuals for the following
reasons:

-   To facilitate our service

-   To provide the service on our behalf

-   To perform service-related tasks

-   To assist in analyzing the usage of our service

These third parties have access to your personal information to perform
tasks on our behalf, but they are obligated not to disclose or use the
information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing your personal information and strive to
protect it using commercially acceptable methods. However, no electronic
transmission or storage method is entirely secure, and we cannot
guarantee absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

Hermes Chat may contain links to external sites. Clicking on a
third-party link will direct you to that site, which may have separate
privacy policies. We advise you to review the Privacy Policies of any
external websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility
for the content, privacy policies, or practices of third-party sites or
services.

Children's Privacy

Hermes Chat is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13. We do
not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children
under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided personal
information, we will immediately remove it from our servers. If you are
a parent or guardian and believe your child has shared personal
information with us, please contact us so we can take appropriate
action.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to
review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this page. Your
continued use of Hermes Chat after any changes to the Privacy Policy
signifies your acceptance of those changes.

This updated policy is effective as of 2023-05-09.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy,
please do not hesitate to contact us at aichat.ios@icloud.com. We are
committed to addressing your concerns and ensuring the protection of
your personal information.

By using Hermes Chat, you acknowledge and agree to the terms outlined in
this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this policy,
please discontinue use of the app immediately.
